We need help!
Regina, ride to Ash Park!
Call an ambulance!
Call Jack! Tell him to hurry.
George has been shot.
The bullet's mobile.
No, I... I removed it.
In a moving ambulance?
If George dies, I'm going to
make sure your husband hangs.
And if he lives?
I'll tell them it was an accident.
You'll get your mad Jew back.
Let her go. Let her go.
Say it. Je t'aime!
Back away. Now!
Get away from him!
I don't believe a word of what
they're saying. It can't be true.
And what are they saying? This
unsavoury mistrust of foreigners.
James is a homosexual.
That's disgusting.
Must you...
Father.
..make such an awful
racket? George!
That poor man wasn't
trying to kill George.
He was about to take his own life.
You realise Nordmann will go free.
I'm pregnant.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You hungry? I'm makin' eggs.
No, thanks, Roy.
Thanks.
They're only dreams.
I get 'em, too.
Here is the young prince,
clean as a whistle, fed and happy.
Oh, thank you, Rose.
He'll be here any moment.
I can take that.
How did you sleep?
George.
Let me help you.
I can manage.
Well, be a gentleman and help me.
You've no idea how I rushed around
this morning getting the house ready.
There was no need for you
to go out of your way.
Regina, leave him be.
The doctor insisted that
George is to have complete rest.
And that is
exactly what he shall have.
I'm so glad that you're home.
Anna, darling, be careful.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?
Please, I'm not made of glass.
It's wonderful to see you here.
Feels like we've been gone a lifetime,
not just a couple of weeks.
Ooh!
Oh! Hello.
He's grown so much
I can hardly believe it.
Every day, there's something new.
He's so alert now, and he smiles
all the time.
You're getting heavy,
Georgie Porgie.
He's a Bligh.
He'll be walking at eight months,
you mark my words.
If I may, I'd like you all to
join me for dinner this evening.
The whole family, mark
my return, including Gino.
Of course.
George, you're recuperating.
I think a tray in your room for a few
nights might be a little more prudent.
We can delay
a celebration for a few days.
No more delays.
I've had enough delays.
And besides, I have an announcement
to make, and it cannot wait.
An announcement?
You'll hear this evening.
Shh, shh, shh.
It's time for the
wee 'n's nap, Miss Olivia.
And who might this be?
Oh, of course, you haven't met.
This is Rose.
She's the new maid.
I wouldn't have
survived without her.
Don't underestimate
your own strength, my dear.
James? I'd like a word in private.
Anna.
Elizabeth?
We were allies once.
I thought we could be that again.
We both want the same things.
George's happiness,
a future for Ash Park.
Do you think, perhaps,
we could start afresh?
Do you take me for a fool?
Not at all.
George is having a second chance
and you're taking yours.
I thought
perhaps I might follow suit.
So you'll be leaving Ash Park.
Of course, if that's what George,
as the head of this house, wants.
This changes everything, I know.
We had planned to run Ash
Park together.
It's a big step.
It will put the family under
scrutiny,
but the pressure
will be greatest on you.
If it's my past failings that
concern you, all that is over with.
I'm not worried at all.
Is everything alright, Father?
Just morphine.
For the pain.
Doctor's orders.
Perhaps you should have listened to
Mr Fox and stayed in the hospital.
I'm fine.
Really.
So, James, what do you think?
This is important to you.
It is.
George won't kick her out.
He's too kind-hearted.
I can hardly believe the time has
come when I should find a Jewish nurse
the lesser of two evils.
Sarah has a second chance
with her husband.
You can't blame her for taking it.
And how is your second chance?
You should invite
him to dinner tonight.
That would be nice.
He asked me to marry him.
Oh, Carolyn, that's wonderful.
Is it not?
I said no. His home is here.
Mine is in Sydney.
I understand how hard it is,
to imagine sharing a life again.
You ready, bella?
We need to start turning the soil.
Look at this. The washing, it's just
ruined. Must have been the bore water.
I should be in the field, with you.
This... This machine was supposed
to help, not make things worse.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, don't worry.
We'll get it all done, hey? Mama
and Papa managed, so can we, hm?
It'll keep until tomorrow, yeah?
But you need a clean
shirt for tonight.
Father wants us to go
to Ash Park for dinner.
Tell him we're sorry but...
Gino!
We are not going.
All because of James?
How can I stand to look at him?
It's not natural, what he is.
It goes against God.
But what if God made him this way?
Anna, it's an abomination, OK?
The Bible says it.
I wish I'd never told you.
So do I.
I hope you know
how much your support means to me.
You'll always have it, Father.
Look at the pair of you.
As thick as thieves.
Ah, we'll be expecting an extra
guest for dinner this evening.
Oh, may I enquire as
to whom it might be?
I'll be sure to introduce
you when he arrives. I see.
I know how frightening this
must have been for you, Mother,
and I appreciate you coming
back to Ash Park for me.
I intend to return to Sydney...
But if any good has come of this,
it's that I've come to understand
how fragile life is.
You were right to leave here
and begin your new chapter.
And, as head of Ash Park,
I'm impatient to begin mine.
Remember?
This is the song that was playing
when you proposed.
Your father made a toast,
wishing us long life, happiness.
Many children.
Rene? I should get back to work.
Non, ca va.
C'est fini. I have forgotten it.
And you should, too.
He plays it constantly, you say?
Part of this therapy,
from what I can gather.
But why he can't play
decent music, I don't know.
If you've all got time to spare, Mrs
Sarrell needs her dressing changed.
And Mr Atkin in bed seven couldn't
manage to keep his breakfast down.
Sarah, can I see you a moment?
Um, you can tell me it's none
of my business.
Since when has that stopped you?
But have you told Rene?
About the baby?
No.
Well, you should. I think it
could help with his recovery.
Give him something
to look forward to. I can't.
Why not?
Because the baby can't be his.
George?
The truth would destroy Rene.
Well, a few more months and you
won't be able to hide it.
George must never know.
He's the father.
I'm well aware of that.
Sarah...
Well, that's your decision to make.
He won't hear it from me.
Thank you.
He's not in the building.
We'll search the grounds again.
He can't have got far.
I only left him for a moment.
It's not your fault.
How long has the Frenchman
been missing?
This is not a police
matter, Sergeant.
Well, your nurses
seem to think it is.
He must be found. For his
own safety, if nothing else.
You can't blame her.
The nurses are all a little nervous.
Rene hasn't done anything illegal.
He can get confused, that's all.
Same way he was confused
when he shot George Bligh?
We have the situation
under control.
How many ways are there,
out of this place?
I could show you.
Did he say anything to you, give you
any hint of where he might've gone?
Nothing.
He told me he wanted peace.
What if he's gone to
finish what he started?
He tried once before.
No, Rene has a lot to live for.
I'm not sure he sees it that way.
I should never have
brought him back here.
This is your home.
And I've all but destroyed it.
You've fixed a lot more than
you've broken, you know that.
He's not here.
There he is.
Rene. What are you doing here?
I need to see George Bligh.
What for?
We should come back another time.
Give George some warning.
We've found him. Everything's fine.
Is that so?
What are you doing?
I've had enough of this.
This man belongs in a prison cell.
Hey, you are not taking him.
Shut up! He's trespassing!
Let go of him.
Who do you think you are?
What on earth is going on?
Nothing, Mr Bligh.
I've got it all in hand.
It doesn't appear that way to me.
George, this man is out of control.
Why are you harassing my guests?
Sir, this man's absconded
from hospital...
He is here at my invitation.
And I won't have him manhandled.
I, uh... I do apologise, Mr Bligh.
It is not me who is owed an apology.
Sorry.
Beautiful day for some gardening.
Quite. I might take one
of the horses for a ride.
Splendid idea.
Please, whatever it is
you've come to say...
Um, I could, uh...
English, my darling.
I, uh, apologise.
I did not wish to injure.
From what Regina has said, it was
an accident, pure and simple.
Oui.
Yes.
Finally, I find you.
Oh, a nice surprise.
I... I brought Sarah.
Her and Rene are in with George.
Well, that will be interesting.
And here
I was thinking you'd come to see me.
I missed you.
Sarah. Mrs Nordmann. I...
I owe you a debt of gratitude.
I'm only glad I was there to help.
Me, too.
That was worth the wait.
Oh, no, I haven't finished
with you yet.
Really?
So, does this mean more time
in Inverness?
Oh, Regina is still
oozing down the halls,
and now George is making some mysterious
announcement at dinner tonight.
Announcement?
Mm.
You'll come, won't you?
I will. But not for George.
Well, I'm not inviting you for
George.
Doesn't mean I'm going
to marry you, though.
Doesn't mean I'll stop asking.
Gino.
I've never once doubted you.
Anna...
Not when my family told me that
you weren't right for me,
not when I had to give up
the home that I love.
I know, Anna.
And I've never asked anything of
you,
except that you love me.
I'm sorry, Anna.
You don't have to love my family,
but you do have to accept them.
Please, will you come
to dinner tonight?
OK.
It's so lovely to see you again,
Sarah. I've missed you.
Thank you. That means a lot to me.
And good to see you're
feeling better, Dr Nordmann.
I spoke to Mr Fox. We plan to
liaise during your recovery and,
as your doctor, I'm going to
have to insist on some rest.
Now, Jack, you can't
bully me the way you do Mother.
Just watch me.
I'll leave you.
It seems my doctor insists.
You take care, Mrs Nordmann.
And you, Mr Bligh.
There's someone I need to see.
Of course.
I want to thank you, Regina.
Thank me?
For telling the police
what really happened.
I don't need your gratitude.
Is it the truth?
I've always told the truth, no matter how
unpalatable people might find it.
Did Rene try to
kill himself or not?
There would have been such symmetry
if he'd finished what Herr Hitler started.
But then you'd be a widow,
and nobody wants that.
You're a fool if you think any
of this will make George love you.
You're not welcome here.
Don't come back.
Everything's alright, Mother.
George has spoken to Dr Nordmann
and they've put it all behind them.
I'd like a word alone with him,
if you don't mind.
Jack.
Bonjour, Monsieur Nordmann.
Parlez Francais?
Un petit peu.
I gather our local police
have not been very kind to you.
You are still a human being.
And a woman I have come
to respect believes in you.
Merci.
This one was given to me by someone
very special.
It reminds me of a path not taken.
It is sad for you?
Sad and sweet at the same time.
Oui, it is very French.
Very French.
For Sarah,
from Elizabeth.
Come in.
Afternoon tea, Mrs Standish.
Thank you. Set it down.
But take the cake away.
I want to look my best tonight.
Oh, but you always look so lovely.
I look forward to seeing your
outfits every morning,
each one more beautiful than the
last.
You're quite pretty yourself,
in a common sort of way.
This has gone out of style.
I was going to throw it out,
but it kind of suits you.
So nice, but I couldn't.
I know what it's like
to be new to a place.
To feel like you don't belong.
Am I doing something wrong?
Not at all.
But if you ever need any advice,
come to me.
Thank you. I will.
None of these are
exactly the right effect.
What effect are you after,
Mrs Standish?
I want to look irresistible.
Indispensable.
You look handsome.
I feel as though
I've aged ten years.
Well, in any case, it's only served
to make you look more distinguished.
Please.
I always thought Elaine
was luckier than me,
but I've realised it's not true.
She chose better.
She chose a man like our father.
Kind, honourable.
Of course, I rebelled and chose
the opposite every time.
Those bruises Adam gave me, they...
They weren't the first
I've had, by any means.
Surely, you...
You don't mean Charles?
I never wanted you
or Elaine to know.
I was ashamed.
I didn't want your pity
or your disgust.
Regina!
Sir Richard Bennett
has arrived, Mr Bligh.
Thank you.
Bloody long drive to get out here.
I'm parched.
So glad you could
make it, Sir Richard.
May I introduce...
Dickie.
Here's a turn up for the books.
It's a welcome one.
You two know each other?
Charles Standish may have been
a decent ambassador, but he was
a bloody woeful poker player.
May he rest in peace.
Yes.
Regrettable way to go. Getting
blown to bits by the Zionists
and all that.
Now, this one had a better
poker face than any man's.
I used to enjoy a game
of canasta myself,
but no-one in Australia
seems to play.
Nothing but convicts and immigrants
in this country.
It's
the perils of living in a colony.
Seems to me it's one of
the advantages. How so?
We can create our own entertainment
without mindlessly following the Continent.
Really?
And what entertains a
modern woman like you?
The usual things.
Music. Theatre. Art. Books.
You get that sort
of thing around here?
Well, I have to say, the annual
CWA concert, world class.
Sir Richard?
Regina, will you join me?
No, Regina, please.
You two are old friends.
I want to hear the war stories.
Oh, there's not so much to tell.
Always the diplomat's wife.
Discreet to a fault.
And you've been resting?
I thought you were to be trusted.
Jack's your doctor. He should
know when you've had a turn.
Everyone has their weakness. Is that
why you're here? To find mine?
I wouldn't be here unless
I already knew yours.
- Who is he?
- Now I'm looking for the strengths.
Sir Richard owns half
the magazines in the country.
Major newspaper, too.
Oh, sounds influential.
George is a moral man, a man of his word.
There aren't too many like him around.
Not in politics,
I can tell you that much.
Perhaps there should be.
An idealist.
I like that. Let's see if it lasts.
Our first Shabbat dinner
in our new home.
The Goldbergs baked it for us.
Time for the future now.
Menzies bullied the people into voting for
him with all of this Communist rubbish.
Well, you can't deny
Communists exist.
Of course they do, but it's
the timing of the thing.
- In politics, timing is everything,
isn't it? - Right as usual, Reggie.
Politics should be about uniting
the people, not breeding suspicion.
But we do live in the real world.
You're an Italian, aren't you?
What's the Dago attitude?
About politics?
I think that, uh...
all politicians
are as bad as each other.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
I remember a time when we didn't
discuss politics, or religion,
or money at the dinner table.
Wasn't it bloody boring?
On the contrary, Sir Richard.
I was never bored for a moment.
Quite right. We're all utterly
uncivilised these days, eh?
My mother has strong views
on etiquette.
I don't care how many magazines
the man owns, he's boorish.
Mother, you're just being
old-fashioned. What's wrong with that?
Well, as long as he can keep a
civil tongue at the dinner table.
We've set a new date
for the christening.
Now that father's on the mend, there's
no reason to delay it any longer.
Oh, it will be beautiful, I'm sure.
We do hope you'll do us the honour
of being Georgie's godparents.
Oh, Olivia, of course!
Oh, my goodness!
No, we can't.
Gino.
I'm sorry.
We thought that...
Please.
Ask someone else.
It's not that we don't want to,
it's just that we... We're Catholic.
So it wouldn't be right.
Anna.
Excuse me.
I believe you're all waiting
for me to make an announcement.
Really, George? We'd all forgotten.
Well, as you know, I've...
I've recently spent some time
in a hospital bed,
and as I lay there,
wondering what it was I was fighting to
live for, apart from my family, of course,
I came to a conclusion.
What I need
is to look beyond my own backyard.
You see, Ash Park benefits if
the rest of the community benefits.
And so I've decided to run
for pre-selection as a candidate
for the Country Party,
and my guest here, Sir Richard,
is considering throwing his support
my way. Now, there will be
ramifications for all of us.
But if I win,
I can make a real difference
in Inverness. I believe I can.
Amen.
L'chaim.
To life.
Many men have come to me,
looking for my backing.
And I
have to say, I rarely give it.
But you, George,
you impressed me from the start.
And now I see your home and your
family,
I understand why.
To George Bligh.
To George. To George.
George, it's not for me
to approve or disapprove.
Your choices are your own to make.
I've got no intention of interfering.
I'd like to know what you think.
Oh, thank you.
I've always thought you'd
make a wonderful politician,
but I have a couple
of reservations.
The scrutiny involved will be
relentless, and possibly damaging,
as far as James is concerned.
He's aware of the possibilities,
and I believe he can
withstand any pressure.
And I'm hoping Sir Richard's
influence can help us on that score.
It's just like Paris.
Rene? Rene, what is it? Rene?
Is everything alright?
Call Dr Duncan.
Quick! I need help!
Do you really think he'll be
able to get George elected?
George will be
getting himself elected.
You'd be foolish to underestimate
Sir Richard's influence.
I've read those magazines of his.
They all go on about looking
respectable, cooking dinner
and keeping your husband happy.
Clearly you ignored their advice.
I don't think cooking dinner
is the secret, in any case.
Quite right.
There's been an emergency at
the hospital. Dr Duncan's been called away.
Do I tell Mrs Bligh?
Is it important?
I'll take care of it, Rose.
Thank you.
I'll telephone you
when I know something.
Thank you, Jack.
What is it? What's happened?
It seems Dr Nordmann's
taken a turn for the worse.
Dickie will be expecting a late
night. Drinks, cards, cigars.
Of course.
I can make sure it's all prepared.
Thank you. I do appreciate it.
You were rude.
I tried.
Oh, barely.
What harm would it do
to be my nephew's godparents?
I cannot stand in front of God
when I know what James is.
James is family.
Not my family!
He's in pain.
And I can't get the sedative in.
What happened? He was fine, and
then out of nowhere, his head...
Raus!
He's stable.
I'll take an x-ray in the morning
and see where we stand, eh?
He was getting better.
The shrapnel in his brain
can move at any time.
It doesn't need a trigger.
I can't have this baby.
Because it's not Rene's?
I don't want it.
No-one has to know,
if you don't want them to.
Rene needs my full attention.
I'll help you. We'll all help you.
What if... What if there's
something wrong with it?
Hey, why would there be?
I'm... I'm impure.
The Nazis, they...
Whatever they did to you,
it wasn't your fault.
How can anything
good grow inside me?
I don't know what to do.
A very successful evening, I think.
Despite the interruption.
Thanks in no small part to you.
Dickie likes the sound
of his own voice, is all.
You have to let him talk.
I'm sure Dr Nordmann
will be alright.
Of course.
And you, you will
make a very effective politician.
I am somewhat of an expert
after all.
You're not having one?
I'm sure you have
much to think about.
Carolyn, I intend
to leave Ash Park in the morning.
George will be fine.
He's doing very well.
I do, however, feel that I've imposed
on Prudence Swanson for too long.
It was perhaps not the best place
from which to make a fresh start.
So where will you go?
I wondered about your apartment.
Until I can find
something more suitable.
As long as you need, Mother.
Oh, thank you, dear.
Goodnight.
Night.
Did you even consider saying no?
Of course not.
And if they look into the family?
There are things we wouldn't
want people to know about.
Livvie, you worry too much.
The treatment
you had with Dr Milson.
The hospital will have records.
The incident in the barn,
what happened on the ship...
It won't come to that. You
can't be sure, James! Livvie!
People are going to look at us
and see a loving husband
and wife with a beautiful baby boy.
There will be no need
to look any further.
Trust me.
Livvie.
I don't want to just be pretending.
I haven't started the thank-you
notes for these wedding presents.
I'll do the washing.
You write the notes.
Really?
Well, we are husband and wife.
Together.
I know.
Some things, Anna...
Some things just
are the way they are.
But you know what will
happen if people find out.
I will not say what James is.
I'm sure James and Olivia
will understand.
So, I was thinking perhaps
a poker evening?
Sir Richard, his associates?
So the shine doesn't wear off.
So soon? He'll see
through that in an instant.
Of course he will, that's the point.
He'll come, he'll drink, he'll win
some money and go away happy.
Thank you, Regina.
I'll think it over.
Sir Richard,
I do hope you'll stay again.
Dickie, next time, we'll put
on a bit more of a soiree.
I'll hold you to that, Reggie.
Well, as I said,
George, I'm impressed. I'm glad.
You've got the right name,
the right house, the right history.
You were shot by a Commie,
for God's sake.
It reads like a potboiler.
It's bloody marvellous.
The only thing
you need, to make you unbeatable,
is the right wife.
I'm a widower.
A widower with a broken engagement.
Stop the gossips in their tracks
with a top-notch society wedding, huh?
That's my advice.
Rene.
Rene!
You running away from home, missy?
I'll be back in a few days.
Must be pretty urgent, eh?
Aunt Peg isn't well.
And what about Rene?
Oh, he's got you and Jack looking
out for him.
I won't be long.
He, uh... He barely
knows I'm there right now.
I could run you down
the station if you'd like.
Come on, then.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org